Media Relations 
Tel. +41-44-234 85 00 
 
UBS Switzerland AG, News release, 18 March 2026 Page 1 of 1 
18 March 2026 
News release 
UBS successfully completes the client migration in Switzerland – another 
key milestone in the integration journey  
 
Zurich, 18 March 2026 – UBS announces today that, with the completion of the migration of Swiss-booked 
clients, it has successfully completed the migration of all former Credit Suisse clients to UBS infrastructure 
globally, another key milestone in the integration of Credit Suisse.  
 
Sergio P. Ermotti, Group CEO, said: “With the successful completion of the client migration in Switzerland, 
we’ve smoothly transferred around 1.2 million clients globally. Thanks to the determination, diligence and 
commitment of our colleagues, we’ve reached another critical milestone in the first combination of two 
global systemically important banks and one of the most complex integrations in banking history. There is still 
much work to be done to complete the integration, but the end of the client migration strengthens UBS’s 
franchise and lays the groundwork for delivering an even broader and more seamless offering to all clients.” 
 
Since the acquisition of Credit Suisse in March 2023, the integration has been guided by a carefully 
sequenced and executed plan, with significant milestones – including the parent bank merger and the merger 
of the Swiss entities, reached in summer 2024. Preparation for the migration in Switzerland included 
expanded capacities in our branches, contact centers and support functions, more than 80,000 tests, and 
over 132,000 hours of migration-specific training for frontline colleagues. Furthermore, the payment volumes 
on the UBS platform increased by 25%, to almost 3.1 million transactions per day, demonstrating the 
robustness and efficiency of the newly integrated systems. 
 
The migration placed a strong focus on the client journey, with positive feedback received across client 
segments. UBS maintained transparent communication throughout, sending nearly 3 million personalized 
letters and establishing dedicated digital hubs for client information and self-service. As a result, client 
satisfaction remained high, with increased trust, reflecting UBS’s continued commitment to putting clients 
first.  
 
The completion of the client migration enables the final phase of the integration, including the 
decommissioning of legacy IT infrastructure. As previously announced, UBS is on track to substantially 
complete the integration by the end of 2026. 
 
UBS Switzerland AG 
 
Media Relations Switzerland +41 44 234 85 00 
 
www.ubs.com/media 
 
  
 